we're here with champion Brandon Rios
and I'll wait for you to finish your
cookie because you're not okay cool so
Brandon there's been a lot of rumors
about your next fight you're fighting in
November or December yeah actually
that's what they told me so far I don't
know I'm just training for either date
november december tomato all right and
with your house a championship got
nonito Donaire and margarito and mikey
garcia so you're already looking in
shape tell me about the names that we've
been hearing on the internet and the
rumors if you want to dress them there's
course John Molina receipt oh has anyone
in particular you would that's why
that's why they called rumors I would
never happen that's why there are rumors
you know I don't about fight him i don't
care if I'm final they fight y'all
notified him but you know what it spoke
to my manager camera Duncan that's why I
pay him do his job so if he feels those
are the best interest to go with then
we'll go but if not they're gonna keep
being rumors do you get tired of reading
first of all do you read all the rumors
on your facebook no they don't bother me
you say whatever they rumors rumors you
know it doesn't bother me i I don't I
don't concentrate on what the internet
everybody else have to say if I do then
I'll never become a world champion I
will never do what I do is there one
dream opponent right now that you really
love to face off against I'm
concentrating right now on 135 become
the best out there then going to 140 and
their do the same thing become the best
right there na 147 and maybe I won't
presented I think we'll stop because
that's gonna be
to hire gotcha now in the upcoming
margarito in Coto you tell me you think
it's going to be the exact same outcome
is the first fight yes I agree not just
because I know Mario very well I think
if I didn't know Margaret of my opinion
wouldn't change I will see the same
results the same team same thing so your
prediction is a knockout that's the same
thing to happen the first one that's
going to be the same thing I think is
gonna happen again okay great i also
know that the young fighters rockstar
look up kaylee about carlos garcia
tomorrow and several other oxide
fighters fighting at commerce what if I
Steve get low you know I tom I always on
always be ready always stay focused and
always go what you want you want to
become world champion stay with your
dream and you know and I pushes them a
lot i push them a road off that's all
it's great i can i can show you more
than i can tell you but I can't do it to
you because you're a female I don't want
to you know make you cry or something so
the way I do it different I promise I
won't cry I thought you give a body shot
to your trainer Robert Garcia when you
came in and it really hurt him oh yeah I
statue show you how much I love Robert
when I see another time I just can't
keep my hands off of my lover out
Roberts cool people great now you know
what there's a rock star in the house we
got to introduce your pal nesters my
visit my buddy there's no parting our
Nestor Nestor fearless tell me about
Nestor that's where he actually voice
for us
he worked for me he's in the Jimmy work
will be like we have like another guy d
he gets things ready for dinner alright
very cool let's see the fifth Nestor I'm
not gonna mess with that Thank You bam
bam thank you guys very much